♪ I'm just so tired
♪ Baby, I can't even
run for cover ♪
♪ But there's a river,
there's a river ♪
♪ I'm gonna jump in
♪ Sweet water gonna take this
weight I've been shouldering ♪
♪ And there's a river,
there's a river ♪
♪ Oh, found me out
♪ Sweet love, sweet love
♪ Won't you show me
what you're all about? ♪
♪ Step up to the bank
and strip ♪
♪ Swallow your stone
and dive into the heart of it ♪
♪ Let your body go
♪ Sink on down
♪ Out of time and space
♪ Feel the mana all around
♪ Sweet water gonna take this
weight I've been shouldering ♪
♪ And there's a river,
there's a river ♪
♪ Oh, found me out
♪ Sweet love, sweet love
♪ Won't you show me
what you're all... ♪
What do you think
you're doing?
Get back inside.
Dr. Timmis.
- Well, hello, Dr. Timmis.
It's Mrs. Timmis here.
I thought you were staying
at the house tonight.
I am. That's where
I'm calling you from.
I found a signal.
- Where?
Upstairs at the, uh,
end of the walkway.
Are you still staying
out there tonight?
Yeah.
I'm going to drive into the
village in a little while
for some dinner,
and then I'm just going to
keep at it until
I get tired, really.
Okay.
Well, don't work too late.
Oh, um, maybe we can
invite my sister
for dinner tomorrow evening?
I'm kind of worried about her.
Uh, Darcy can take
care of herself.
She's meant to have
regular check-ups
and she just gets mad
when I ask her.
Well, do you want me to ask?
I am a doctor.
- Would you?
Yeah, of course.
I can be the villain.
Well, you're my hero.
I'd better get
back to it here.
I'll see you in the morning.
Okay. I love you.
Love you.
Come on.
Let's stretch our legs,
shall we?
Hello.
You've reached Darcy Odello.
Please leave a message
after the beep.
Hey, guess what.
We are connected.
Could you open the door?
What do you want?
You're in trouble.
I saw you come out of the house
just now.
You went to the car
to get something.
You left this door
open behind you.
Somebody went inside.
What?
I saw you go to your car,
and you left the door open.
Somebody slipped inside.
They're in there now.
- Well, I didn't see anyone.
- I know that.
Your back was turned.
What are you doing
standing outside my house?
My husband's going
to be back any minute.
Dr. Timmis works nights.
Oh, um...
Are you a-a patient
of-- of Ted's?
I heard them in the wall
and I came here
and I saw someone.
Would you just open the door?
- Okay.
- I'm trying to help you.
Is there someone here?
They're not gonna answer you.
Is there someone in here?
There's nobody in here
except me,
and-- and
you've made a mistake.
And I'd, uh-- I'd really
like you to leave now, please.
If you don't,
I'm going to call the police.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, call them.
Call them!
Well, I-I can't find my phone.
It was in my car.
Do you have a phone?
- No.
Do you-- do you
really think you saw someone?
I am telling you that there
is someone in there with you.
If I open the door,
what are you going to do?
I'll-- I'll-- I'll
look around.
And if you don't see anyone?
I'll leave.
Yeah. Good.
♪ You never knew
♪ How it would feel
♪ To be left all alone
♪ Now you know
♪ Now you know,
now you know, oh ♪
♪ Now that you're
on your own, oh ♪
♪ You broke my heart
♪ Now someone else
♪ Has thrown
your love in the sea ♪
♪ Now you know
♪ Now you know,
now you know, oh ♪
♪ What you did to me
♪ While you're drying
those teardrops ♪
You can look around,
but please don't touch anything.
If you see something you like,
just let me know.
And if you're thinking
of stealing something,
you should know that
every item in here is cursed.
Curses are lifted
at the time of purchase.
Cursed.
That's right.
Does that really deter anyone
from shoplifting?
Apart from the superstitious.
You'd be surprised how many
stolen items are returned to me.
For those lucky enough
to figure out
where their sudden bad luck
is coming from.
Your mother would have
been proud of you, Darcy.
Ted.
Oh.
It's been a while, Ted.
I know. I'm sorry.
I've been trying to settle
back into things.
How's business?
It's good.
What were you doing there?
You seemed very focused on that.
Oh. This is, uh...
one of the more
interesting items that has been
brought to the store
in quite a while.
Oh, yeah? Interesting how?
Well, it's haunted.
Really? What do you mean?
There was a man,
not a very pleasant one,
who spent most of his life
working as a bellboy in a hotel.
And one night, he was showing
a drunk guest to his room,
and the guest
shoved him down the stairs
and-- and he broke his neck
and he died in the fall.
And a few days later,
the receptionist rang the bell
to summon the new bellboy.
Only, who did she see
running towards her
not looking very happy?
Are you telling me that
if you ring that bell,
a dead bellboy
will come running?
Well, ring it.
Let's see what happens.
It's not something
to be played with, Ted.
Seeing as the last two people
who rang this bell
were found dead.
Okay.
Dani used to say
that one of her goals
was to open
that closed mind of yours.
She tried. I'm a doctor.
Science and logic.
Okay.
I have something
for you, Darcy.
Declan Barrett died last week.
Heart attack.
How do I know that name?
He was in the halfway house
with Olin Boole
the night he was killed.
They found it...
clearing out his belongings.
You found it.
It's here.
I have it here in my hand.
That's it. That's all
that's left of him.
My impulse was to crush it
under my shoe,
but then I remembered
you wanted it.
He should never have
been discharged.
He was dangerous.
I should have seen it.
It wasn't your fault, Ted.
Why do you want it?
He took my sister's life.
I want to see
what was going through his mind
when he was dying.
Was there any regret or...
was there only fear?
Thank you.
- You're welcome.
I should get going.
Okay.
Maybe you could visit
some night for a bite to eat?
It will be a year
next week, and...
I feel like talking about her.
Yeah. Yeah, I'd like that.
Um, maybe in
a week or two, though.
We're still trying to get
settled in at the house,
make it a bit more habitable.
We?
Yana, my girlfriend.
You've met someone already?
Well, I knew Yana
from the hospital.
She's a pharmaceutical
rep there.
When Dani died...
she was there for me.
Um, maybe you could come
and visit us...
if you think you're ready
to go back out there.
M-Maybe.
It was good to see you, Darcy.
Goodbye.
Message received
11 months, 3 weeks, 1 day ago.
Hey, guess what.
We are connected.
I found a signal.
Now, it's not ideal.
It's only in one exact spot,
but, uh, maybe we can
boost the signal?
I don't know. I don't know
how those things work.
I put the camera on a time
lapse, like you suggested,
but so far,
all I've captured are orbs.
I'd have thought
an old house like this
would have at least one ghost
roaming around,
but maybe the renovation work
scared them off.
Ted's working hard
all the time.
He's off tomorrow night,
so the three of us
could have dinner, if you like.
And, uh...
that's about it here.
I'm looking forward
to seeing you.
I miss you.
Okay. See you then.
...more dramatic terms,
the storm has
given back an ugly amount,
Bringing with them rain
and gusty easterly winds.
Nightfall, we'll see
the high possibility of
weather-related power outages
in the more exposed
rural areas of the Southwest.
But providers have said
such outages...
Hey.
How was your day?
Long.
You look tired.
Well, I didn't
sleep last night.
Yana.
I keep telling you,
I don't sleep
when I'm here alone,
and because you're
still working nights,
I'm here alone all the time.
I know.
Dr. Crotty
is going to retire soon,
and then
I'll have regular hours.
New camera?
I found it clearing out
the store the other day.
It's your wife's.
That was Dani's?
There's a lot of photos
of the two of you.
I don't know
if you want to keep it or--
No, it's all right.
It's okay, Ted.
It would be weird if you didn't
want to keep some memory of her.
Okay. Okay, yeah.
Maybe you could store it
somewhere safe for a while.
Take a look
at these photos I took.
What-- What am I looking at?
Look at this one.
You don't see her?
Who?
Well, it's Dani's camera.
There's going to be
pictures of her on it.
I took these two nights ago.
Well, then it's double exposure
or whatever you call it.
Okay.
Last night,
when I was going to bed...
Yana...
I have to listen to crazy things
all night at work.
I don't need to hear it
when I come home.
Don't call me crazy.
I'm just telling you what I saw.
Dani's ghost?
No. No, obviously not.
But, clearly, the lack of sleep
is starting to affect me,
which is why I want us
to move back to my apartment
until you start
working regular hours.
Fine.
If that'll make you happy.
I don't like leaving you
out here on your own either.
Then we're all good?
But just to be clear,
my dead wife
is not haunting this house.
I know. I'm sorry.
You sound like her sister--
with ghosts and nonsense.
Speaking of her sister...
It came today
while you were asleep.
Dani's sister sent it.
What's in it?
I don't know. It's locked.
Maybe she's inside it.
No, she's outside.
What?
What's she doing here?
Darcy. Hello.
Ted.
I'd forgotten how far out
this place is.
Um... come in.
Maybe you could guide me?
- A step here.
- Thank you.
Darcy, this is Yana.
Yana, Darcy.
It's-- it's nice to meet you.
Hello.
Uh, thank you for having me.
Well, if I'd known
you were calling,
I would have been ready.
Ted didn't mention
he invited me?
Uh, well, to be honest, Darcy,
I didn't know
you were coming either.
When did I invite you?
Last week.
When you came to the store,
you said I should visit
on Dani's anniversary.
Oh, I-- Okay. I'm sorry.
If I said that,
I meant we'd arrange
a night when we'd both be home.
Are you not home now?
Well, uh, no.
I-I'm on my way to work,
and Yana is staying
in the city tonight.
Well, I'm here now.
Can you call in sick?
No.
I have people counting on me.
We're short-staffed as it is.
And I've got plans
in the city, so...
I'm so sorry, Darcy. I can...
I can drop you off on my way.
I'm here now.
I'd like to stay,
if that's alright.
But we won't be here.
That's alright.
Well, I...
Fine.
Yeah, I suppose
that would be fine.
I don't know.
Oh.
Your trunk arrived.
What's in it?
I'll see if we have
some extra blankets.
Have I seen this before?
It was my mother's.
And you want me to have it?
Yes.
Are you sure?
I mean, if it was your mum's.
She would be happy to know
I sent it here.
Right.
Well, thank you.
That's very, very generous.
Can you show me
where the bathroom is, please?
Of course.
Thank you.
Yeah, sorry again
for the mix-up.
I feel bad leaving you here
on your own.
Will you be alright?
Don't worry about me.
Well, you know,
I do sometimes.
Think I've inherited it
from Dani.
How is everything
with your health?
- Why?
- No, you seem good.
It's just anything
with the brain and cancer,
it's something
to keep a close eye on.
I had a checkup recently,
and all good.
Good, good.
That puts my mind at ease.
Okay, we're here.
I'll see you in the morning.
Yes, I'll-- I'll see you then.
What are you doing,
telling her she can stay?
I don't want her here.
- What do you want me to do?
It's not my fault
she can't take a hint.
Is it okay leaving her here
on her own?
Well, I'd rather you
stayed here with her,
but I get the feeling that's
not going to happen, so...
- It's not.
- Well, there you are, then.
She says she just
wants to be here.
So what's the harm?
And what the fuck
is that thing?
Why would she want us
to have that?
I have no idea.
We'll get rid of it
as soon as she's gone.
I have to go.
Can you not wait
until I leave?
I'm already late.
Just say goodbye,
finish packing, and go.
I'll see you in the morning.
Did you know
the traditional gift
to give a couple on their
fifth wedding anniversary
is something made of wood?
Ted and I aren't married.
For my parent's
fifth wedding anniversary,
a witch my mother knew
gave her that.
It's very rare.
Well, Ted and I
aren't married yet,
so maybe you should
take it back.
- Don't you like it?
- No.
I find it a bizarre present
to give to someone.
Okay, I am leaving.
But Ted will be back
in the morning.
I'm a little hungry.
Maybe you could make me
something to eat
before you leave.
Uh, well, there's a fridge.
Why did you take him
out of the box?
I didn't.
Okay.
Yeah, so the fridge
is straight down to your right.
Will you be able to find it?
I'll find it.
Good night.
What did I do with my keys?
Have you seen my keys?
Did you find them?
Would I be back here if I had?
I can't find them.
So you're staying, then?
Well, I'm hardly walking back
to the city, am I?
Wonderful.
I was hoping the three of us
could spend some time together.
We haven't gotten around
to building the kitchen yet,
so we don't really keep
a lot of food here.
If I'd known you were coming...
How long have you and Ted
known each other?
Two years.
We met at the hospital.
You were a patient there.
I'm a senior sales rep for
a major pharmaceutical company.
I travel around a lot
of healthcare facilities.
That's how I met Ted.
And you became friends.
We just found that we had
a lot in common.
So there was nothing going on
between you two
when my sister was still alive.
- No. We were just friends.
- Okay.
Ted said you work
in an antique store.
It was my mother's.
She gave it to me
after she passed,
but it's not my main source
of income.
I also read objects.
What does that mean?
It means
I can pick up an object
and tell you everything
there is to know about it.
- Like appraisals.
- People bring me
their family heirlooms,
but it's more...
A widow recently brought me in
her deceased husband's
wedding ring.
She wished to know
had he ever been unfaithful
in their marriage.
He had been.
For years.
Repeatedly.
How could you tell that
from his wedding ring?
By holding it.
You could tell that this guy
was cheating on his wife
by holding his wedding ring?
Yes.
Well, that's impossible.
So, you're psychic?
Personal items work best--
watches, rings,
anything that has been
in close contact with the skin.
Well...
if you can make a living
from that,
more power to you.
Do you mind staying out here
alone at night
when Ted's working?
Can't say I enjoy it.
Why not?
Well...
I suppose.
I think of what happened
to your sister here and...
Yeah, just the thought of
another one of Ted's patients
showing up at the front door
here when I'm alone
is just-- ugh.
And if one were to knock
at the door,
would you allow them in?
Of course not.
Do I look stupid?
I have no idea
what you look like.
You sound stupid.
Excuse me?
Do I look stupid?
No.
My sister and I
were identical,
so that must mean that
she didn't look stupid either.
- I never said she did.
- You implied it.
Dani would never allow
a strange man into her home
in the middle of the night.
Olin Boole
did not kill my sister.
My God, I can't.
I'm sorry.
Maybe-- Maybe--
Um, maybe they heard me
and I scared them away.
Alright, I'll go into town.
I'll call the police.
You just
stand here by the door.
You keep your eyes open.
If you hear anything,
you pull this door open
and you run.
Well...
Hey.
Hey!
Are you still there?
Todd told me
that guy was put away
for beating his mother to death.
An abusive woman who had
already blinded him in one eye
and was coming for the other.
If I had only one working eye...
I'd kill to protect it.
If he didn't kill
your sister...
who did?
Did you fall out of bed?
Were you praying?
Couldn't sleep.
That's not what I asked.
Yeah.
What were you praying for?
For my mother.
What's your name?
Olin Boole.
Olin. O-lin.
Is that with an A or an I?
An I.
How do you spell that?
With one I or two?
One.
That'll be easy to remember.
But you won't have to
remember it,
because I'm being released
next week.
Oh, so, you're only
passing through?
I'm from the area.
The halfway house won't be
available until next week.
Where were you before this?
Saint Delia's.
How long were you there?
17 years.
Ohh.
You're the fellow
who beat his mother to death.
What the fuck are they doing
letting someone like you
back out into the world?
- Not going to hurt anybody.
- Get back into the bed.
Don't let me catch you
out of it again.
And how is it you're
the only one that knows this?
Personal items work best.
You ever been to Comercawn?
No.
It's where the boys' school
was, where I grew up.
It's all overgrown now.
Nothing left of it.
About 10 years ago,
someone put up a metal cross
to mark the spot.
I like to head down there
once a year,
and I twist that cross
'round and 'round
till it snaps off.
They keep replacing it,
and I keep breaking it.
I was thinking of heading
out there this weekend.
Would you like to come?
It's a lovely drive.
We could make a day of it.
No, I don't, uh...
No, I try to catch up on sleep
on the weekends,
spend time with Yana.
Sister Francis
is buried out there.
That blind nun I told you about.
She used to tell us little boys
she went blind
after God showed her
what hell looked like.
Imagine that.
Which reminds me,
you never told me
your wife had a blind twin.
What?
You never told me your wife
had a blind twin sister.
How do you know that?
Well, I was in town
the other day
and wandered into
this little antique shop,
and
I nearly had a heart attack
when I saw your dead wife
sitting there,
what with her weird eyes
and everything.
I thought I was
seeing her ghost.
Rook to knight 6.
Checkmate.
Hello?
I'm stuck out at the house.
I can't find my car keys.
I've looked everywhere.
Where's Darcy?
We were talking,
and she fell asleep.
She's saying some weird things
to me, Ted.
What's she saying?
Well, first of all,
she told me how she was psychic.
And the next thing you know,
she pulls out a glass eye
she says belongs to the man
that killed your wife.
Only she says
he didn't kill your wife.
She says it's that creepy,
orderly you work with-- Ivan.
She said what?
She said that Ivan killed Dani.
What did she say exactly?
That. Exactly what
I'm telling you.
There's something going on there.
She's clearly not well.
I'm going to talk to her
and see if she'll agree
to get checked out.
I don't want to stay here
with her, Ted.
I'm thinking about
calling someone to pick me up.
And you've looked everywhere
for your keys?
For all I know, she took them.
And she's asking
a lot of questions
about when you and I
got together.
It has me on edge.
Look, she's
not going to do anything.
And even if she wanted to,
I think you could handle
one small blind woman.
Just say good night,
go to bed, and lock the door.
I'm going to make some calls,
see if I can get out of here.
Do, because she's freaking me
out with all this stuff.
Why does she even know Ivan?
I don't know.
I'll be there as quick as I can.
Shit.
Put them back!
What is this?
Put them all back now.
Good night.
What?
This is Dani Timmis
coming at you
from the wilds of our
unfurnished sitting room.
We've set up a little tent
here downstairs
instead of going back
to the city,
and I find it kind of
cozy and romantic.
What do you think, Ted?
- It's fucking freezing.
- Come on, show us your face.
Let's see how, uh,
happy you look.
Oh!
This is Dani Timmis
coming at you
from the wilds of our
unfurnished sitting room.
We've set up a little tent
here downstairs
instead of going back
to the city,
and I find it kind of
cozy and romantic.
What do you think, Ted?
Run.
Run!
Darcy.
Darcy?
Who's there?
Is there someone in...
Darcy.
What are you doing up here?
Yana's not answering her phone.
Where is she?
Dani frightened her off.
She always was
the more levelheaded one.
Yana called me earlier.
She said you told her
a man that works at the hospital
with me killed Dani.
Yes. A porter named Ivan.
Do you know
who I'm talking about?
There is an orderly
that works with me called Ivan.
That's him.
Olin Boole killed Dani.
The week he was released,
he came out here
and he killed her.
He came out here to save her,
and I dragged him from his bed
and I killed him.
I'm going to pay for that.
Darcy, is something
affecting your thinking?
Dani told me what you were like
when you were ill--
seeing and hearing things
that weren't there,
believing things
that weren't real.
This is not real.
Why don't you come with me
to the hospital.
I'll arrange a scan,
and we can see what's going on.
To the hospital,
where you'll have me committed.
No.
You know, I loved your sister,
so I owe it to her to help you.
Yes, I could have you committed
if I thought you were a danger
to yourself or to someone else.
I am a danger... to Ivan.
So if you're going to send
someone out here to get me,
send him.
Where is all this coming from?
Ivan and Dani never even met.
Why would he kill her?
Because you asked him to.
Excuse me?
"I don't love you anymore.
I've met someone else.
I'm sorry."
That was all you had to say.
She would have cried,
and it would have been
difficult, but I
would have been there,
and she would have
gotten over you!
But, instead, you had
Ivan come here and kill her.
So, she'll be at the house
on Friday.
Yes.
Why don't you just
divorce her?
She loves me.
She'll never get over me.
And when she finds out
about Yana,
there's no way
we'll get to keep the house,
and I have sunk
everything into that place.
This is the only way.
Why don't you wait
until the place is furnished?
Then it could look like
a robbery turned violent.
No, no.
It'll be cleaner this way.
Especially if you can do it
when she's inside the tent.
Try to do it
when she's sleeping.
What if the motive was sexual?
It happens all the time.
The adrenaline kicks in.
You have your hand
on their throat.
No.
No, nothing like
that is to happen.
I want it to be
quick and painless.
But let's just say it happens
to go that way.
Nothing like that
is to happen to her.
Do you understand me?
You just go in there, you do it,
and you get out of there
as quickly as possible.
I mean it.
I don't want her hurt.
Just dead.
I had planned to kill you,
but instead, I think it would
be worse to expose you.
I'm going to see to it
that you lose everything--
your girlfriend,
your job, this house,
your freedom.
Detective Peter Minehan.
He was the police officer
in charge of Dani's case, yes?
Do you remember him?
- Yes.
- Do you trust him?
- Okay, good. Let's start there.
Let's call him,
and you can tell him everything
that you've just told me
and see what his reaction is.
He'll tell you it was
Olin that killed your sister
and he'll walk you
through the evidence again.
You know,
if you're still not happy,
then have him go question Ivan.
Come on, let's call him.
You call him,
you tell him what you did,
and then call Ivan and send him
out here so I can kill him!
I don't have his number here.
Uh... I'm going to leave my phone
here, where there's signal,
I'm going to go back
to the office,
and I'm going to call
Detective Minehan
and tell him to
call you here, alright?
If you don't answer,
I'll tell him to come out here
and talk to you in person.
But, please, when the phone
rings, pick it up.
I had planned to kill you,
but instead, I think it would
be worse to expose you.
I'm going to see to it
that you lose everything.
When the phone rings,
pick it up.
Hey, doc.
You said
you didn't talk to her.
What do you mean?
Dani's sister, Darcy.
You said he didn't speak to her.
I didn't.
Well, you spoke to someone,
because we have a problem.
- Yes?
- I found your phone.
- And?
- It's broken.
Seems like it had a fall,
just like you thought.
Is it still working?
For now.
But I don't think
it can be fixed.
Are you sure?
It's beyond repair.
Hey.
Don't worry.
It's nearly over.
We... are... connected.
Where were you?
Why am I here?
What's this about?
Based on your
prior convictions
and my recommendation,
it was decided that this was
the best place for you
until you were in
a fit state to talk.
Your recommendation?
What happened at the house?
Someone attacked me.
Who?
I-I couldn't see.
It was dark.
You know, Darcy sent us this
bizarre gift
of a large wooden man.
When you woke up,
you told the nurse
that a man made of wood
came to life and attacked you.
Yes.
What do you mean "yes"?
That's what happened.
If that thing was alive,
how is it that
I was able to drag it outside
and burn it without it
struggling or screaming in pain
when I set it on fire?
You burnt it?
It burned down quietly
to a pile of ash.
The nurse also said
that you requested a priest
and that you asked her
not to tell me that.
Why do you want to see a priest?
- I want to confess.
- Confess to what?
To all the things I've done.
Oh, you've done
a lot of things, Ivan.
You tell a priest just one
of the things you've done,
and he'll either convince you
to go to the police
or he'll go there himself.
You'll spend the rest
of your life in prison.
It's better than
forever in hell.
There's no such thing
as forever
and no such place as hell.
I won't tell them
anything about you.
I'll tell them I killed
your wife because I wanted to.
People will question
how I failed to recognize
such an obvious psychopath
and why I discharged it early.
Why I befriended it
and employed it.
It'll make me look like
I'm not very good at my job.
The one good thing about working
in a place like this...
is that no one
really asks any questions
except on the rare occasion
that one patient died violently
at the hands of another.
But even then,
as I've always believed,
there's nothing
that can't be explained.
No, no, please.
So, I'm not sure what part of
that you're not understanding.
If I don't return your calls,
it means I don't want
to speak to you.
And if you think
I'm ever going to set foot
in that haunted house
of yours again,
then you're fucking crazier
than your patients.
I mean, the fact that you have
no problem staying out there
where two people have now died
is just so weird.
Do not call me again.
♪ You never knew
♪ How it would feel
♪ To be left all alone
♪ Now you know
♪ Now you know,
now you know, oh ♪
♪ Now that you're
on your own, oh ♪
♪ You broke my heart
♪ Now someone else
♪ Has thrown
your love in the sea ♪
♪ Now you know
♪ Now you know,
now you know, oh ♪
♪ What you did to me
♪ While you're drying
those teardrops ♪
♪ Praying your heart will heal
♪ Think of the way
it used to be ♪
♪ With me,
when your love was real ♪
♪ Oh, oh
♪ Then come to me
♪ And I'll hold you close
♪ Just like I used to do
♪ Now you know
♪ Now you know,
now you know, oh ♪
♪ That I still love you
♪ Now you know
♪ Now you know,
now you know, oh, oh ♪
♪ That I still love
you ♪